##	Minimum falling path sum
*	This problem needs to acquire the minimum path through a 2D array. It is very similar to the edit distance problem and it reuses the space provided. The problem is that the minimum number per array must be acquired without constant iteration. It displays recursive properties when in pops the array and then traverses it to find the minimum. In doing so you add the minimum to your lowest sum and then you also add the next minimum to your next list. In essence you are keeping track of the minimum, 2nd minimum, and your max list. Once you pop all but one list you return the sum of the minimum sum.
*	In this solution it uses the given array to store the sums (the array that is not popped). In doing so you save space and you also save the sum of each route. Lastly, just returning the minimum sum. I didn’t learn that by using -1 you ensure you return the correct address despite the pop operation.
*	For this problem is was easier to evaluate the problem as a matrix. Using IDEAL I first identified the problem. Since we were given a multi-dimensional array in order to check all paths it would require multiple checking. The goal was to find the minimum falling path sum without having to repeat work. Of course, I can check every solution but that isn’t efficient. For this problem a sum could be stored and in fact popping the array is also not needed but this solution was elegant. Reused current data structures and allowed for the termination of iteration. With the following 2D array [[1,2,3], [4,5,6], [7,8,9]] the sum expected is 12. That is the minimum sum. The evaluation of this solution is that it is extremely efficient and fast. If I could do this again, I would reduce the variables. This in turn would reduce the space but it would not affect the speed positively. The Dukes 7 steps were also beneficial. It helped me decompose the problem into smaller problems. Check the minimum in a certain array. Keep track of the minimum sum then stop when only the sum array remains. That was the pattern followed and allowed for the solution to be completed.
