## Minimum ASCII Delete Sum for Two Strings

* This problem has to do with the manipulation of ASCII values for any given strings. By default, the sum is equal to the sum of all the ASCII values for a word. The objective is to receive two strings and remove characters until a variation is found that makes both strings equal to each other. The problem is that there is repeated work every time to make a change and for instance some combinations will have only a difference of one character and so on. The solution entails creating a 2D array and creating an edit distance like structure to calculate the sums and all of the possible calculations. The structures use past computations and add the sum to that “route”. Once the 2 2D arrays are constructed they are compared to find an instance where both routes were the same.

* The structure used to address this problem is two 2D arrays. In doing so you get all possible solutions and add up the sum from previous work.   S1 and S2 are populated and using a method called ord() to attain the ASCII values. Lastly return the instance where they are equal to each other.

* This problem was very interesting and rather complex. Two words needed to be compared and had to equal each other after character modifications. What made this problem most unique was that the strings were being compared via their ASCII values and not the characters displayed. The goal was to make the two strings equal to each other via their ASCII values. Like always a brute force approach was possible but not efficient. The strategy used was to use two arrays to store all possible combinations using prior work then find and instance were both array values are equal to find the desired result. That account was successful. Despite several iterations the solution was attained dynamically. This problem was rather difficult and required external help. After the problem was analyzed I realized that the problem was very similar to the edit distance problem but instead required ASCII conversion and another data structure for comparison. The problem was decomposed. Acquiring the ASCII code was easier than I thought but the hardest part was finding the pattern to traverse the string combinations in a way that prior work was used. In doing so the problem was solved efficiently.
